**Observation Log:**

[TEMPORAL] Session Date: 2023/05/30 (Tue) 10:17

[ASSISTANT_SAID] Suggested spell names for Bonus Cards: 
1. Enchantment of Greed - allows the player to steal a card from another player's hand.
2. Charm of Swiftness - allows the player to take an extra turn immediately after their current turn.
3. Conjuring of Protection - allows the player to protect their hand from being stolen or discarded by another player for one round.
4. Illusion of Confusion - forces all other players to swap hands with another player at random.
5. Hex of Misfortune - forces another player to draw three cards from the draw pile.
6. Curse of the Witch - allows the player to discard all of one suit from their hand.
7. Transformation of the Joker - turns a Joker card into any other card of the player's choice.
8. Spell of Multiplication - allows the player to duplicate a card in their hand.
9. Incantation of Revelation - allows the player to see all of another player's cards.
10. Mystic Moonstone - allows the player to draw two cards from the draw pile and discard one.

[USER] Requested more spell names for Bonus Cards.

[ASSISTANT_SAID] Suggested additional spell-themed Bonus Card names:
1. Enchanted Draw - Draw extra cards
2. Charm of Stealing - Steal a card from another player
3. Time Warp - Take an extra turn after this one
4. Resurrect - Retrieve a previously played card
5. Disintegrate - Force an opponent to discard a card of their choice
6. Hex - Prevent an opponent from using a certain card or suit for one turn
7. Conjuring - Draw a card from the draw pile without looking
8. Levitate - Play a card out of turn
9. Shield - Protect one of your cards from being stolen or discarded
10. Maelstrom - Force all players to discard one card.

[USER] Requested Bonus Card titles based on familiars.

[ASSISTANT_SAID] Suggested Bonus Card titles based on familiars:
1. Cat's Eye - Allows you to look at another player's hand
2. Rat's Escape - Allows you to discard all of your cards and draw a new hand
3. Owl's Wisdom - Allows you to draw two extra cards and discard two cards
4. Toad's Tongue - Allows you to swap one of your cards with a card from the discard pile
5. Bat's Flight - Allows you to take an extra turn after this one
6. Snake's Venom - Allows you to choose a player to skip their next turn
7. Crow's Eyes - Allows you to see the top three cards of the draw pile and choose one to add to your hand
8. Spider's Web - Allows you to