**Observation Log:**

[TEMPORAL] Session Date: 2023/05/29 (Mon) 12:03  
[USER] 1: THE ANSWER IS B. User testing is important to the development process, however there are surrogates to having actual users, such as role-playing. Delaying or discarding the system are inferior choices, as is implementing the system with no testing at all. (REF: Section 3.2.2 - HCI Evaluation)  
[USER] 2: THE ANSWER IS C. Of all the determinants of individual and population health, the most significant contributors to morbidity and early mortality are behavioral, such as smoking, sedentary lifestyle, etc. The next most significant is biology, followed by social, medical and environment. (REF: 1.2.1 - Determinants of health)  
[USER] 3: THE ANSWER IS C. The probability of B can be expressed as the probability of A and B occurring together plus the probability of (not A) and B occurring together. The probability of A and B occurring is equal to the probability of A times the probability of B, given A. (REF: Section 2.1.2 - Decision Science)  
[USER] 4: THE ANSWER IS D. Process mining is a method of workflow analysis which involves researching the event log of an information system to find out how effective various processes are. Merging database tables using a common key is usually called a join. (REF 2.3.1. Methods of workflow analysis)  
[USER] 5: THE ANSWER IS C. This question tests a simple definition, but even if you did not know the answer, you could probably eliminate some choices. We are looking for terms that convey communications as well as transition. A and D are quite unlikely. Choice C seems to express both those concepts well. (REF: Section 4.6.2 - Change Theories)  
[USER] 6: THE ANSWER IS B. You should know a little about CAS, but even if you didn’t, you should be able to eliminate choices A and D. A system which is adaptive should evolve and it should tend towards order. A system which is complex is more likely to be nonlinear than have central discipline. (REF: Section 4.6.2 - Change Theories)  
[USER] 7: THE ANSWER IS A. Using familiar designs, such as a color scheme that follows cultural norms can shorten the learning process. Design should be consistent across the EHR and interfaces should not be cluttered with information. Feedback is important to notify the user that his task was successful. (REF: Section 3.2.3 - Interface design standards and design principles)  
[USER] 8: THE ANSWER IS C. The Positive likelihood ratio is defined as the true positive rate divided by the false